[Music]
five ways to make friends with your cat
everyone knows that cats are the most
illogical and unpredictable pets can you
work out what's going through that very
little and
however cats have their language and if
you learn it there's a chance you'll
understand them much better we've put
together all the possible cat behaviors
to help you find a common language with
your pet well if it allows you to also
we've prepared three essential tips that
will help you communicate with cats
better one the tail is raised a raised
upward and curl tail means your cat is
happy with its life congrats you are
already best friends with your cat how
did you manage to do it by the way do
you know any secrets on how to please
cats let us know in the comments below
so that others can learn your tricks too
[Music]
occasional twitches occasional twitches
means your cat is excited or worried
about something
also vets say when a cat nervously jerks
its tail or keeps knocking its tail on
the floor it means your pet is in pain
or stressed maybe it's time to take your
cat to a vet
the fur gets out when the fur on the
cat's tail jets out in different
directions it means your fluffy friend
is very excited or feels threatened the
aim of fluffing the tail is to create an
illusion that the cat is larger than it
is that way your cat is showing its
enemy that it's really big and scary to
deal with the tail vibrates the cat
vibrates its tail slightly when it's
agitated and glad to see you it also
means that your cat is excited waiting
for something for instance for a treat
the tail sticks straight up
if your cat sticks its tail straight up
and bends its back to form an end you
need to pay special attention to this
it's a sign of extreme aggression and it
occurs during self-defense if nothing
dangerous happens around try to calm
your cat down by petting it
the tail is inclined at a low angle the
straight but inclined tail is a sign of
slight aggression or fright also when a
cat doesn't know if there is a friend or
enemy around it keeps the tail at an
angle of 45 degrees the tail is lower
the cat lowers its tail toward the
ground when it's frightened or feels
guilty most often cats tuck their tails
between their paws when they are afraid
of something or someone also it's a sign
of insecurity and Submission have a look
around the house your cat has probably
done something naughty and lowers its
tail knowing that you're going to punish
it
the tail is wagging from side to side if
your cat wags its tail sharply from side
to side it means it is angry it's best
to leave your pet alone however it might
also be that your cat wants to play with
you why do cats wag their tails while
sitting next to their owners and feeling
completely satisfied it's simple the cat
checks if there's an enemy behind its
back
- the eyes dilated pupils dilated pupils
indicates strong feelings playfulness
agitation fright or aggression in case a
house is new for your cat it dilates its
pupils as a sign that it's not used in
the new place yet your cat needs time to
examine the situation and people around
a direct look when a cat looks directly
in your eyes it means it trusts you your
pet is comfortable being around you
a slow blink a slow blink indicates that
your cat is calm your pet feels
comfortable and safe sometimes it might
even burrow while blinking slowly
[Music]
three interactions with people rubbing
against you if a cat rubs against you it
is marking you as its territory and
property
[Music]
poking poking with a wet nose is an
expression of attachment it indicates
your cat feels comfortable and safe
being around you rubbing his head or
tail when a cat rubs its head side or
tail against you it is just saying hello
[Music]
butting slightly but it knew slightly
with its head is a sign of friendliness
your pet is in love with you
[Music]
shifting from one pot to another cats
often move from one part to another when
they are happy or want to play
licking you if a cat licks you it's a
definite sign that it trusts you and
considers you part of its family eating
your hair when your cat bites your hair
it's simply trying to clean you it is
another strong sign of love and trust
[Music]
biting you when a cat bites you take it
as a sign that your pet wants to be left
alone yep
cats also need to have some private time
as well as us humans on the other hand
light biting means your cat is just
playing with you
for other gestures if a cat raises its
nose up and throws its head it's saying
I see you cats often make this gesture
to people walking past the window have
you ever noticed it
a cat might press its ears against its
head if it feels scared or read or wants
to play they also do this when they are
sniffing something that's interested
when a cat sticks its tongue out
slightly in licks itself it's worried or
anxious five cat language
cats generally greet people or announce
their presence with the short sound
[Music]
lengthy meowing indicates that your cat
is very glad to see you
this occurs if you're away from home for
a long time immediately now might be a
request for water or food
a long sound a mix of purring and
meowing is a more insistent request or
demand
[Music]
along now is a complaint or indication
of dissatisfaction also it might mean
your cat is ready to fight a loud sound
often indicates an urgent demand for
instance your cat needs more food a
purring or vibrating sound indicates a
desire for closer contact for attention
cats purr for various reasons but most
often they do it when they are happy
[Music]
now here are the three important tabs to
communicate with your cat better how to
make your cat trust you lowering your
cat to the ground make sure its paws
have reached the floor your cat will
trust you and know that it won't tumble
if you let it go how to stroke your cat
if you sit on the floor with your legs
crossed and look at your cat it will
interpret this as a friendly gesture and
come up to you and let you stroke it
also to ask for permission to stroke
your cat stretch your hand out in its
direction your middle finger should be a
little lower than the others the cat
will start rubbing its nose or face
against your hand how to make your cat
appear
attack me go and hide and only appear
when it's alone or here's a calm voice
now you know how to find a common
language with any cat by the way are you
a cat person or a dog person hit the
like button for cats and leave a short
comment if you are in love with dogs
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]